Release notes for 3.1.6/3.1.4 and Wireless Upload tutorial (#105)
purduesigbots/pros-docs: v5/releases/kernel3.1.6.rst

=========================
PROS Kernel 3.1.6 Release
=========================

.. post:: 12 February, 2019
   :tags: blog, kernel-release

> **Be sure to look at important upgrade instructions below.**

Reviewer: maybe make this one of the actual callout things (like note or warning)

New Features:

- Add support for hot/cold linking
- Bugfixes to LLEMU and task notifications

Usability Impovements:

- Refactored Makefiles

Bugfixes:

- Miscellaneous RTOS bugfixes
- Fixed a possible buffer overrun when using controller printing

Important Upgrade Instructions
------------------------------

In order to support modified hot/cold linking we needed to modify the Makefile, which
is intended to be modified by you. When upgrading your project (regardless of whether
you enable hot/cold linking), you must modify your Makefile as follows:

1. Remove all lines after `-include ./common.mk`

> 2. Add the following two lines above the `-include ./common.mk` line (perhaps below `EXTRA_CXXFLAGS=`):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Add the following two lines above the `-include ./common.mk` line (for example, below `EXTRA_CXXFLAGS=`):
```
